[plugin-web-app] Grant geolocation permissions to geolocation emulati… (#5548)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app.adoc

Set the current Geolocation to coordinates with the specified latitude and longitude.

[IMPORTANT]
====
* The step is only supported by Chrome browser.

> * The step automatically grants geolocation permissions to the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The step automatically grants the permission to track geolocation in the browser.
```
